Add geometry validation documentation (#3274)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/user_manual/working_with_vector/vector_properties.rst

   QGIS Server tab in vector layers properties dialog

.. _digitizingmenu:

> Digitzing Properties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Digitizing Properties
```

> Digitzing Properties

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 Digitizing Properties
```

====================

> |digitizing| The :guilabel:`Digitizing` tab gives access to options that help the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 |digitizing| The :guilabel:`Digitizing` tab gives access to options that help to ensure the
```

quality of digitizied geometries.

Automatic Fixes
---------------

Options in the :guilabel:`Automatic Fixes` section will directly affect the vertices
of any geometry which is added or modified.
If the :guilabel:`Remove duplicate nodes` option is checked, any two subsequent

> vertices with the exactly same coordinate will be removed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 vertices with exactly the same coordinates will be removed.
```

If the :guilabel:`Geometry precision` is set, all vertices will be rounded to
the closest multiple of the configured geometry precision. The rounding will

> happen in the layer coordiante reference system. Z and M values are not

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 happen in the layer coordinate reference system. Z and M values are not
```

rounded. With many map tools, a grid is shown on the canvas while digitizing.

Geometry Checks
---------------

In the :guilabel:`Geometry checks` section, additional validations on a per

> geometry basis can be activated. Failures in these checks are reported immediately 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 geometry basis can be activated. Failures in these checks are reported to the user immediately 
```

> after any geometry modification to the user in the geometry validation panel.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  in the geometry validation panel after any geometry modification.
```

Author: I think "immediately after any geometry modification" should be kept together, but the "to the user" part can be moved before. What do you think?

Reviewer 2: I agree that they should be kept together.  What about
`Immediately after any geometry modification, failures in these checks are reported to the user in the geometry validation panel.`

Author: Much better, thanks

As long as a check is failing, it is not possible to save the layer.
The `Is valid` check will run basic validity checks like self intersection on
geometries.

Topology Checks
---------------

In the :guilabel:`Topology checks` section, additional topology validation

> checks can be activated. Topology checks will be executed, when the user 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 checks can be activated. Topology checks will be executed when the user 
```

> saves the layer. Check errors will be reported to the geometry validation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 saves the layer. Check errors will be reported in the geometry validation
```

panel. As long as validation errors are present, the layer can not be saved.
Topology checks are executed in the area of the bounding box of the modified

> features. Since other already existing features may be present in the same

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 features. Since other features may be present in that
```

Reviewer 2: I think that "already existing" is not necessary here.  The end of the sentence makes it even more clear what we are talking about.

Author: better?

> already existing features may be present in the same area, topological errors

Reviewer 3: Trying to understand "present in the same area": do you mean current map canvas extent or feature extent?
what about sthg like: "Topological errors are reported for both the existing features (in the current map canvas?) and the new (/or edited?) features (in the current session)."

Author: "The bounding box of the features modified or added in the current edit session"

> on these features are reported as well and not strictly only errors introduced

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 concerning these features are reported as well and not strictly only errors introduced
```

in the current edit session.

The :guilabel:`Gap check` will check for gaps between neighbouring polygons.

> |gapcheck|

Reviewer 3: I wonder if we should keep three separate images or merge them in a single one with a caption.

Author: I thought by having them separated, they can appear exactly where they need. What's the advantage of a single monolithic image?

Reviewer 2: Separate images are OK. Easier to maintain?
